Doc improvements (#310)
mhinz/vim-signify: doc/signify.txt

look for changes anymore.

Or you set |g:signify_disable_by_default|, which registers all new buffers as

> `inactive`, and enable Sy on-demand using |signify-:SignifyToggle|.

Reviewer: I think the old version isn't wrong. It's `enable on demand`, but `on-demand enabling`.

                                                          *signify-:SignifyFold*  >
    :SignifyFold[!]
<
Open the current buffer in a new tab page and set 'foldexpr' so that only
changed lines with their surrounding context are unfolded.

The number of lines per context can be changed via |g:signify_fold_context|.

The |foldtext| will be set so that the left side shows the first line in the
fold and the right side shows something like "50 [1]" which whereas "50"

> stands for the number of folded lines and the "1" is the |'foldlevel'|.

Reviewer: Options aren't enclosed in vertical bars.

COLORS                                                          *signify-colors*

This plugin defines highlighting groups for two different places: for lines

> and signs. Per default these don't exist but are linked to the standard

Reviewer: Yeah, I need to stop using so many useless filler words.

    If you use a decentralized VCS like Git, are you working on a slow remote
    file system?

>   * Vims sign handling code is known to be slow. If the delay is very long,

Reviewer: Is this even correct? Without an apostrophe it looks like the plural of _Vim_ to me. And I usually try to avoid apostrophes, hence the "long form" using _its_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Sign handling in Vim is known to be slow. If the delay is very long,
```
